---
title: "Full Gradle Fever"
published: true
---
# Gradle Fever
Starting a few weeks/months ago I made the move to use Gradle for all my projects. It started with
Kakara's [Core](https://github.com/kakaragame/core). I fell in love that instead of being a list properties. Gradle was
an actual build script. I started with Gradle Groovy but have ended up with Gradle Kotlin DLS. Converting all of
Kakara's project to this. Starting this week I made my own Gradle
Plugin [VersionFile](https://github.com/kakaragame/VersionFile)

### Gradle Development
Gradle Plugin Development was relatively easy. But, I do have a few things you might want to know. If you create a task
and it is not applying correctly. I would try to use `project.task(TASK_NAME).doLast` Instead of the other options. For
some reason once I changed that to my way of adding a task. The file started to add to the jar correctly. This is how
you add files to the jar. Having a doLast task and using this directory you can add new files to the jar.

```java
File file=new File(project.getBuildDir().getAbsolutePath()+File.separator+"resources"+File.separator+"main"+File.separator+directory);
```
### Why I love Gradle?
To anyone who uses Maven I would say really look into Gradle. The learning curve is steeper. However, the rewards are
great. I do know the Gradle can struggle to run on some lower end CPU's. This is one of my greatest problem going years
with a PC that struggled to do anything.

This is one of my greatest loves of Gradle

```kotlin
version = "1.0-SNAPSHOT"
if (hasProperty("buildNumber")) {
    version = "1.0-" + properties.get("buildNumber") + "-SNAPSHOT";
}
```
Allowing you to do things like this allows me to do things with my Jenkins Instance and makes me really happy.

### Other Notes
To my Spigot devs [PDM](https://github.com/knightzmc/pdm) is a really cool tool. It allows you to import Gradle depend's
through the PluginClassLoader

[StrongBox](https://strongbox.github.io/) is great for depend hosting.

Thank you, Wyatt(KingTux)
[Discord](https://discord.gg/qtCKz4X)